We call for the rejection of Senate Bill No. 1083, or the Anti-Terror Bill, for its overbroad definition of what terrorism is, and for violating the 1987 Philippine Constitution.
Article XIII - Social Justice and Basic Human Rights, Section 1 states, ‘The Congress shall give highest priority to the enactment of measures that protect and enhance the right of all the people to human dignity, reduce social, economic, and political inequalities, and remove cultural inequities by equitably diffusing wealth and political power for the common good.’
Using political power to silence those who voice out their issues and concerns is not using it for the common good, it’s exploitation of the power entrusted to them. The bill’s vague definition of what terrorism means could easily be misinterpreted and used to suit their own agenda.
We urge the rejection of the ‘Anti-Terror Bill’ or Senate Bill No. 1083 as it violates Article XI of the 1987 Constitution of the Republic of the Philippines.
We are reaching out via email to urge the rejection of Senate Bill No. 1083. It denies us of our freedom of speech, and so hinders our country and government from progressing.
We urge you to junk Senate Bill No. 1083. The Constitution states in Article III, Section 4 that, ‘No law shall be passed abridging the freedom of speech or expression among others.
We request for the rejection of the Anti-Terrorism Bill. This denies the people of their right to freedom of speech, and thus infraction of the 1987 Philippine Constitution.
We need action to be taken against Senate Bill No. 1083, which denies Filipinos of their basic human right to freedom of speech. The passing of this bill would mean merely criticizing or sharing anything speaking against the government could be considered “terrorism” which is far from the meaning of the term, it’s vagueness could lead to conflict or abuse caused by misunderstanding of those in power.
We are writing this email concerning Senate Bill No. 1083, or the Anti-terrorism bill.  This bill violates Article XIII, Article III, (Section 4) of the 1987 Constitution of the Philippines. Aside from taking away our right to free speech, this bill’s definition of what “terrorism” means is too vague, and it could easily be misinterpreted by those in position of power, and used for their own benefit and political agenda
We are calling for the review and rejection of Senate Bill No. 1083, Due to it's over broad definitions, the bill is easy to twist and misinterpret by those in power, and for breaching the Philippine Constitution. ARTICLE X - Accountability of Public Officers, Section 2 which states, 'The President, the Vice-President, the Members of the Supreme Court, the Members of the Constitutional Commissions, and the Ombudsman may be removed from office, on impeachment for, and conviction of, culpable violation of the Constitution, treason, bribery, graft and corruption, other high crimes, or betrayal of public trust. All other public officers and employees may be removed from office as provided by law, but not by impeachment.